app/content/help/getting-registered.md, before:

---
title: 'Getting Registered'
date: '2021-24-01'
---

Registering your Startup with the Founders Startup Directory has never been easier.

## Step 1: Confirming Your Email

The Founders Startup Directory requires users to validate their email address and startup name before we allow you to create an account with us. To do so, fill out [this form](https://forms.gle/i9mPTqByaueSQi1KA) to request a spot on our email whitelist. You will recieve an email as soon as possible with either an acceptance or rejection to whitelist this email.

If your request is accepted, [sign in](/api/auth/login) with the same email to create an account. Otherwise, feel free to reach out to us with an appeal.

## Step 2: Creating an Account

Once your email has been whitelisted, you can create an account by [signing in](/api/auth/login) with Google. The email that you register with should be the same one that we whitelisted. Upon creating an account, you can either **join an existing startup** or **create a new startup**.

### Joining An Existing Startup

To join an existing startup, simply request access by searching for your startup and clicking "Request to Join _Startup_". The owner of the startup page will recieve a request for you to join their organization, and they can either accept or reject your request to join.

### Creating A New Startup

To create a new startup, you can click "Create A Page" on the onboarding screen and follow the registration form to load information about your startup. You will have to fill out some information regarding your startup, such as your startups name, description, logo, etc.

## Step 3: Browse!

Congradulations, you have registered with the Founders Startup Directory! Feel free to take a look at all the startups that UIUC has to offer.

Commit message:

update: documentation, account delete logic, join request email

app/content/help/getting-registered.md, after:

---
title: 'Getting Registered'
date: '2021-24-01'
---

Registering your Startup with the Founders Startup Directory has never been easier.

## Step 1: Creating an Account

You can create an account by [signing in](/api/auth/login) with Google. The email that you register with should be the same one that we whitelisted. Upon creating an account, you can either **join an existing startup** or **create a new startup**.

### Joining An Existing Startup

To join an existing startup, simply request access by searching for your startup and clicking "Request to Join _Startup_". The owner of the startup page will recieve a request for you to join their organization, and they can either accept or reject your request to join.

### Creating A New Startup

To create a new startup, you can click "Create A Page" on the onboarding screen and follow the registration form to load information about your startup. You will have to fill out some information regarding your startup, such as your startups name, description, logo, etc.

## Step 2: Getting Your Startup Verified

Once you create an account with us, your startup profile will undergo a _review process_ before being published on our Startup Directory Feed. These reviews should take no longer than a few days, but feel free to contact us if it's taking longer than expected.

## Step 3: Browse!

Congradulations, you have registered with the Founders Startup Directory! Feel free to take a look at all the startups that UIUC has to offer.
